# Telepath Offsite in Sedona (26–29 February, 2026)
#telepath #trips

## Thursday

Lots of delays in our flight with United (I miss Delta) but we made it. Nice to be back with the team. Sedona is incredible, and as soon as we arrived we did this insane hike. What a joy.

## Friday

A bit of a difficult day today. Went for a beautiful hike in the morning, then got to work brainstorming.

I thought we had settled on a good idea on the car ride out to dinner (this idea of "smart notes" which are auto-generated to give you a higher-level view of your information, and solving these problems of ingestion & retrieval), but discussing at dinner it was like all of a sudden Stephen had changed his mind. Now he was worried that it wouldn't be flashy enough for investors. I'm noticing this theme of flip-flopping with him that I'm finding difficult, especially because I joined a team partly because I wanted to guard against that kind of behavior.

Went to the singer from Tool's winery in Cottonwood. Strange place.

Right now, I think there are a few options:

- Go for an Obsidian plugin that solves a user problem in a novel and great way, and focus on the problem solve
- Build Telepath-y interfaces to OpenClaw & Claude Code as open-source hacker projects, like a generative UI canvas and voice input mode
- Just bite the bullet and make an *agent runtime*. Basically, OpenClaw but for adults, great user experience, all integrated, novel UI primarily aimed around information management and personal productivity use cases. Sure, others are working on that too, but we will be the open alternative.

## Saturday

I emerged from the bedroom to news that the US was now at war with Iran. And later that day that Khamenei was dead. Not someone to mourn, but a clear violation of international law nonetheless. 

Much more productive day today. We basically brainstormed all our product ideas, then sketched out more seriously a vision for a UI on top of existing open agents like OpenClaw, Claude Code, and others. Like owning the UI layer. Stephen was excited about this idea, as it's a much clearer sell than an Obsidian plugin and gets us into the right community. It also more clearly ladders to the *Telepath Computer* vision. The risk is less specificity around what *exactly* it's used for.

So, to counteract that risk we spent time focusing on specific use cases we'd all raised about what we want this computer to do for us ([sketches](https://www.tldraw.com/f/CXRG6vzmLfBsUEnncO6EQ?d=v-4010.3481.27361.16067.page)). Interestingly, there was a lot of overlap – clearly this is all the same product, and it fits nicely into the OpenClaw UI starting point. We also went deeper on what an Obsidian plugin looked like. I think the Obsidian plugin is interesting, and useful, especially when we think about it as something that is based around putting into practice the *principle* that you shouldn't need to organize your information.

Had a nice hike to *Sugarloaf Mountain* and back. Dinner at *Mole* where I had proper mole for the first time, very rich and complex.

Over dinner we discussed dev workflows, and in particular what it looks like to do spec-driven development for the UI layer where you need fast iteration loops. Well, at first we thought this wasn't feasible. Specs simply take too long to build out. But then I proposed that what we really want is *generative hot reloading* where I save a spec and an agent instantly makes targeted changes to the codebase, so I can see the UI change in near-real-time.

Well, as soon as we got back to the ranch we fired up our Claude Codes and before long I was demoing on the screen a spec that was generating a website directly on save. It was very cool to watch! And clearly felt like the future of software development. Unlike the critiques in [[Understanding spec-driven development (Böckeler 2025)|Böckeler 2025]], this didn't require a 'waterfall'-style approach.

Josh then upped the ante by suggesting we actually generate into multiple separate `code/` folders, and run dev servers in each to work out how much we need to specify. And before long – that's what I was doing! It was quite something to watch these designs converge as I was more specific in my language.

## Sunday

Had a quick coffee and breakfast at the house and a bit of a recap. Then packed up and hit the road, catching our last glimpse of the red buttes.

Lunch at one of Josh's favourite sandwich bars in Phoenix where he recommended the cheesesteak (which was way too much food but I ate it all anyway). Josh came out of left field advocating that instead of making the Obsidian plugin we just agreed to make, we should do a workspace UI for it. But in the end, he was just worried about shipping something that felt like search. It took some discussion to tease that out, but I held to my guns and asked probing questions and we got there. Looks like we are still ok to go ahead after a bit of recontextualizing. It's a reminder to always look into the feelings under a statement that seems not to make sense. 

An easy trip back and Stephen gave me a lift home. Neighbour dinner with Kevin & Lindsey (meatloaf!) and Bevan came and joined too. It was lots of fun. 